Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 15, 2019

Pick Up ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Pick Up mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Pick Up is created with the help of the PrivacyPolicies.com Privacy Policy Generator.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

First name and last name
Phone number
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").

Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. You can learn more how to manage cookies in the Browser Cookies Guide.

Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Pick Up uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Taiwan and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Taiwan and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Pick Up will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Pick Up may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Pick Up
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: DeepOceanLabs@gmail.com


非常歡迎您下載Pick Up 以下簡稱(本App)，為了讓您能夠安心使用本App的各項服務與資訊，特此向您說明本App的隱私權保護政策，以保障您的權益，請您詳閱下列內容：

一、隱私權保護政策的適用範圍
隱私權保護政策內容，包括本App如何處理在您使用App服務時收集到的個人識別資料。隱私權保護政策不適用於本App以外的相關連結外部網頁，也不適用於非本App所委託或參與管理的人員。

二、個人資料的蒐集、處理及利用方式
當您下載本App或遊玩本App所提供之功能服務時，我們將視該服務功能性質，請您提供必要的個人資料，並在該特定目的範圍內處理及利用您的個人資料；非經您書面同意，本App不會將個人資料用於其他用途。
本App在您使用服務信箱、問卷調查等互動性功能時，會保留您所提供的姓名、電子郵件地址、聯絡方式及使用時間等。
於一般連線時，伺服器會自行記錄相關行徑，包括您使用連線設備的IP位址、使用時間、使用的作業系統、瀏覽及點選資料記錄等，做為我們增進App服務的參考依據，此記錄為內部應用，決不對外公佈。
為提供精確的服務，我們會將收集的問卷調查內容進行統計與分析，分析結果之統計數據或說明文字呈現，除供內部研究外，我們會視需要公佈統計數據及說明文字，但不涉及特定個人之資料。

三、資料之保護
本App主機均設有防火牆、防毒系統等相關的各項資訊安全設備及必要的安全防護措施，加以保護網站及您的個人資料採用嚴格的保護措施，只由經過授權的人員才能接觸您的個人資料，相關處理人員皆簽有保密合約，如有違反保密義務者，將會受到相關的法律處分。
如因業務需要有必要委託其他單位提供服務時，本App亦會嚴格要求其遵守保密義務，並且採取必要檢查程序以確定其將確實遵守。

四、網站對外的相關連結
本App的網頁提供其他網站的網路連結，您也可經由本App所提供的連結，點選進入其他網站。但該連結網站不適用本App的隱私權保護政策，您必須參考該連結網站中的隱私權保護政策。

五、與第三人共用個人資料之政策
本App絕不會提供、交換、出租或出售任何您的個人資料給其他個人、團體、私人企業或公務機關，但有法律依據或合約義務者，不在此限。
前項但書之情形包括不限於：
經由您書面同意。
法律明文規定。
為免除您生命、身體、自由或財產上之危險。
與公務機關或學術研究機構合作，基於公共利益為統計或學術研究而有必要，且資料經過提供者處理或蒐集著依其揭露方式無從識別特定之當事人。
當您在App裡的行為，違反服務條款或可能損害或妨礙App與其他使用者權益或導致任何人遭受損害時，經App管理單位研析揭露您的個人資料是為了辨識、聯絡或採取法律行動所必要者。
有利於您的權益。
本App委託廠商協助蒐集、處理或利用您的個人資料時，將對委外廠商或個人善盡監督管理之責。

六、隱私權保護政策之修正
本App隱私權保護政策將因應需求隨時進行修正。
